WISER real estate hub power by blockchain technology
This is a demonstration project about listing properties as fields in blockchains, and updating their fields as and when the transaction moves forward. Blockchain enabled transaction ensure high level of security and rules of contracts enables fairness and rapidity of implementation.

We have used Polygon as backbone of blockchain, and our project uses HARDHAT for deployment of contract on polygon network.

We have also created custom ERC20 tokens that act as mode of payment for transaction.

For added security, transaction of  properties is only allowed once verification establishes that request is generated by bonafide person. For the purpose of verification , we check for Metamask wallet IDs that our contract receives from RPC client used by user.


Installation and Setup


This repository contains:

Smart Contract code in Solidity (using HARDHAT),

Contract Deployment
To deploy contracts, download or clone the repo, then:

Setting Up Polygon
We’re going to need to get some MATIC tokens in our wallet in order to do anything. So, the first step is to make sure you have an Ethereum wallet. Simply go to Metamask’s website, install the extension and follow the process for creating a new wallet. Of course, if you already have a wallet, you can skip this step.
Once you have created your wallet, you’ll need to get your private key. This key will be necessary for deploying your NFT contract and interacting with the layer 2 chain. In the Metamask extension, you can export your private key by clicking on the three-dot menu icon next to your wallet account:

Choose Account Details, and there you’ll be able to export your private key. When you have the private key, you’re going to do two things:
Create a file called .env at the root of your polygon-nft project and add this to it PRIVATE_KEY=YOUR_EXPORTED_PRIVATE_KEY. Replace YOUR_EXPORTED_PRIVATE_KEY with your actual private key.
In your project’s .gitignore file add a line that simply says .env. This will ensure you don’t accidentally commit the .env file to source control and expose your key.

Next, you’ll need to find the module.exports object in the file. It will likely only contain a definition of the Solidity version. Let’s replace all of that module.exports code with this:
module.exports = {
  defaultNetwork: "matic",
  networks: {
    hardhat: {
    },
    matic: {
      url: "https://rpc-mumbai.maticvigil.com",
      accounts: [PRIVATE_KEY]
    }
  },
  solidity: {
    version: "0.8.0",
    settings: {
      optimizer: {
        enabled: true,
        runs: 200
      }
    }
  },
  paths: {
    sources: "./contracts",
    tests: "./test",
    cache: "./cache",
    artifacts: "./artifacts"
  },
  mocha: {
    timeout: 20000
  }
}

Deployment of contract on polygon network. Run the following command on root directory:
npx hardhat run scripts/sample-script.js --network matic

upon success, you'll get the message :
Contract deployed to: <contract address>

Now go to APP.JS file within src/js and overwrite at line 17:
const contractName = <contract address>

creation of ERC20 tokens
 we are using USDT test tokens for our purpose of testing, these tokens act as virtual money that is exchanged upon sucessful execution of transaction.
 go to polygon scan link , and choose any token you want to use for your test purpose. We are using USDT from below link 
 "https://polygonscan.com/token/0xc2132d05d31c914a87c6611c10748aeb04b58e8f"
 copy paste the address of this token in APP.JS file at line 18:
 const TokenName = <ERC20 token address>
 next go to "write contract" field in above URL, and mint coins to send them to your metamask wallet connected to polygon network.

 You are all setup to launch the website now. Launch the Index.HTML page from src directory on your server and post properties or transact as you like.

 